{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green255\blue0;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22621}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 Privacy Policy\par
 Introduction\par
This Privacy Policy describes how \highlight1 (Enter name of the company ) \highlight0 and its affiliates (collectively "(\highlight1 Enter name of the company \highlight0 ) , we, our, us") collect, use, share, protect or otherwise process your information/ \par
personal data through our website \highlight1 Enter website Link \highlight0 (hereinafter referred to as Platform). \par
Please note that you may be able to browse certain sections of the Platform without registering with us.\par
We do not offer any product/service under this Platform outside India and your personal data will \par
primarily be stored and processed in India. By visiting this Platform, providing your information or \par
availing any product/service offered on the Platform, you expressly agree to be bound by the terms and \par
conditions of this Privacy Policy, the Terms of Use and the applicable service/product terms and \par
conditions, and agree to be governed by the laws of India including but not limited to the laws applicable \par
to data protection and privacy. If you do not agree please do not use or access our Platform.\par
Collection-We collect your personal data when you use our Platform, services or otherwise interact with \par
us during the course of our relationship.and related information provided from time to time. Some of the \par
information that we may collect includes but is not limited to personal data / information provided to us \par
during sign-up/registering or using our Platform such as name, date of birth, address, telephone/mobile \par
number, email IDand/or any such information shared as proof of identity or address. Some of the \par
sensitive personal data may be collected with your consent, such as your bank account or credit or debit \par
card or other payment instrument information or biometric information such as your facial features or \par
physiological information (in order to enable use of certain features when opted for, available on the \par
Platform) etc all of the above being in accordance with applicable law(s) You always have the option to \par
not provide information, by choosing not to use a particular service or feature on the Platform. We may \par
track your behaviour, preferences, and other information that you choose to provide on our Platform. \par
This information is compiled and analysed on an aggregated basis. We will also collect your information \par
related to your transactions on Platform and such third-party business partner platforms. When such a \par
third-party business partner collects your personal data directly from you, you will be governed by their \par
privacy policies. We shall not be responsible for the third-party business partner\rquote s privacy practices or \par
the content of their privacy policies, and we request you to read their privacy policies prior to disclosing \par
any information. If you receive an email, a call from a person/association claiming to be VEDIKA \par
PUBLICATION seeking any personal data like debit/credit card PIN, net-banking or mobile banking \par
password, we request you to never provide such information. If you have already revealed such \par
information, report it immediately to an appropriate law enforcement agency.\par
Usage- We use personal data to provide the services you request. To the extent we use your personal data \par
to market to you, we will provide you the ability to opt-out of such uses. We use your personal data to \par
assist sellers and business partners in handling and fulfilling orders; enhancing customer experience; to \par
resolve disputes; troubleshoot problems; inform you about online and offline offers, products, services, \par
and updates; customise your experience; detect and protect us against error, fraud and other criminal \par
activity; enforce our terms and conditions; conduct marketing research, analysis and surveys; and as \par
otherwise described to you at the time of collection of information. You understand that your access to \par
these products/services may be affected in the event permission is not provided to us.\par
Sharing- We may share your personal data internally within our group entities, our other corporate \par
entities, and affiliates to provide you access to the services and products offered by them. These entities \par
and affiliates may market to you as a result of such sharing unless you explicitly opt-out. We may \par
disclose personal data to third parties such as sellers, business partners, third party service providers \par
including logistics partners, prepaid payment instrument issuers, third-party reward programs and other \par
payment opted by you. These disclosure may be required for us to provide you access to our services and \par
products offered to you, to comply with our legal obligations, to enforce our user agreement, to facilitate \par
our marketing and advertising activities, to prevent, detect, mitigate, and investigate fraudulent or illegal \par
activities related to our services. We may disclose personal and sensitive personal data to government \par
agencies or other authorised law enforcement agencies if required to do so by law or in the good faith \par
belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal \par
process. We may disclose personal data to law enforcement offices, third party rights owners, or others in \par
the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to: enforce our Terms of Use or Privacy \par
Policy; respond to claims that an advertisement, posting or other content violates the rights of a third \par
party; or protect the rights, property or personal safety of our users or the general public.\par
Security Precautions- To protect your personal data from unauthorised access or disclosure, loss or \par
misuse we adopt reasonable security practices and procedures. Once your information is in our \par
possession or whenever you access your account information, we adhere to our security guidelines to \par
protect it against unauthorised access and offer the use of a secure server. However, the transmission of \par
information is not completely secure for reasons beyond our control. By using the Platform, the users \par
accept the security implications of data transmission over the internet and the World Wide Web which \par
cannot always be guaranteed as completely secure, and therefore, there would always remain certain \par
inherent risks regarding use of the Platform. Users are responsible for ensuring the protection of login \par
and password records for their account.\par
Data Deletion and Retention- You have an option to delete your account by visiting your profile and \par
settings on our Platform , this action would result in you losing all information related to your account. \par
You may also write to us at the contact information provided below to assist you with these requests. We \par
may in event of any pending grievance, claims, pending shipments or any other services we may refuse \par
or delay deletion of the account. Once the account is deleted, you will lose access to the account. We \par
retain your personal data information for a period no longer than is required for the purpose for which it \par
was collected or as required under any applicable law. However, we may retain data related to you if we \par
believe it may be necessary to prevent fraud or future abuse or for other legitimate purposes. We may \par
continue to retain your data in anonymised form for analytical and research purposes.\par
Your Rights- You may access, rectify, and update your personal data directly through the functionalities \par
provided on the Platform.\par
Consent- By visiting our Platform or by providing your information, you consent to the collection, use, \par
storage, disclosure and otherwise processing of your information on the Platform in accordance with this \par
Privacy Policy. If you disclose to us any personal data relating to other people, you represent that you \par
have the authority to do so and permit us to use the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. \par
You, while providing your personal data over the Platform or any partner platforms or establishments, \par
consent to us (including our other corporate entities, affiliates, lending partners, technology partners, \par
marketing channels, business partners and other third parties) to contact you through SMS, instant \par
messaging apps, call and/or e-mail for the purposes specified in this Privacy Policy. You have an option \par
to withdraw your consent that you have already provided by writing to the Grievance Officer at the \par
contact information provided below. Please mention \ldblquote Withdrawal of consent for processing personal \par
data\rdblquote  in your subject line of your communication. We may verify such requests before acting on our \par
request. However, please note that your withdrawal of consent will not be retrospective and will be in \par
accordance with the Terms of Use, this Privacy Policy, and applicable laws. In the event you withdraw \par
consent given to us under this Privacy Policy, we reserve the right to restrict or deny the provision of our \par
services for which we consider such information to be necessary.\par
Changes to this Privacy Policy- Please check our Privacy Policy periodically for changes. We may \par
update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information practices. We may alert / notify you \par
about the significant changes to the Privacy Policy, in the manner as may be required under applicable \par
laws.\par
}
 